Add documentation link and CONTRIBUTING.md (#364)
ruby/irb: CONTRIBUTING.md

> ## Build and test

Author: @peterzhu2118 if you think this section looks good, I can add it to other repos as well.

Please follow the ["Making Changes To Standard Libraries"](https://docs.ruby-lang.org/en/master/contributing/making_changes_to_stdlibs_md.html) guideline.

## Test manually

> Make sure the `exe/irb` executable uses the `/lib` directory as source with `bundle exec`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following command to run irb using the source files in the `/lib` directory (rather than the irb that came with Ruby):
```
